they were the four rich teenagers of
america everyone had finished the party
on the way home they were drunk so they
kept rioting in the car
the boy even got up with the wine bottle
he drank threw the bottle away on the
driver
the driver distracted the car
immediately crashed into something
the boy's head was beaten bleeding the
front of the car was bashed
they felt like they crashed into
something but the girl saw a boot
they panicked turned on the flashlight
to look around
finally they found a corpse on the side
of the road another girl wanted to call
for a police
but the boy pulled her back he said that
if things were to come out
their careers would collapse not only
could she not enter the university later
but it also blamed their family besides
after all
this corpse didn't look like a rich man
just found a place
and threw it down no one would know
their crimes the three men were silent
suddenly a car drove up the young man
quickly called everyone to drag the
corpse to the side of the road
and julie approached the car she
recognized that the driver of the car
was maxx
who liked her julie lied that they drank
too much and drove so they broke the car
seeing her sincere gaze maxx certainly
believed
after he left the rich people put the
corpse in the trunk and drove to the sea
they put the body on the edge of the
dock but no one dared to push it down
reluctantly her best friend stood out
about to push it into the ocean
but the corpse suddenly burst up
grabbing her crown
everyone saw that quickly pushed the
body down the crown and the corpse
gradually sank into the sea
barry quickly jumped into the sea to get
the crown back but as soon as he grabbed
the crown
the corpse opened his eyes barry was
afraid and swim back immediately
finally before going home barry made
everyone swear to never tell this secret
they thought everything was fine but on
next year's summer vacation
mom handed julie a piece of paper she
opened without hesitation
i know what you did last summer julie
was scared
she quickly asked her mother who brought
the paper but she said it was completely
impossible to investigate
julie was very scared early the next
morning julie told best friend and barry
but their reaction was very different
best friend was also
scared but barry thought this was an
evil joke but to be sure
they decided to investigate the
mastermind berry felt that the mailman
must have been max who was in the scene
last year
so they looked for maxx forcing him to
tell about everything but maxx didn't
admit it
they left angrily they did not know that
the plot of revenge was quietly going on
that evening maxx was killed at the
factory and the next target of the
culprit was barry
at night berry walked out from the
bathroom of the gym he discovered a
photo on the cupboard
berry looked around the room when he
reopened the locker to find
that the jacket with the car key had
been taken in a panic moment
barry went outside to see that his car
had been driven away
berry skull didn't chased but the car
turned again driving towards him
the car crashed into barry and the wall
berry struggled
but a mysterious person with an unknown
face still
while talking julie learned that the
girl was the sister of the dead and the
dead had a good friend named billy
julian best friend looked at each other
maybe billy was helping the dead avenge
the two of them got back into the car
and julie recalled a photo of the dead's
house
she felt very regretful a being was
alive only because of their selfishness
made him disappear
but best friends advised her perhaps
this dead man was a bad man
worthy of death julie felt that her best
friend's thoughts were too selfish
so julie told her best friend to get out
of her car
but julie did not know that her best
friend was in danger
a mysterious person was quietly entering
the house of her best friend
the next day her best friend got up and
find that her hair had been cut
large litters appeared on the mirror
seemingly a warning the next time it's
cut
won't be your hair after that julie
immediately drove to her best friend's
house
but she felt a bit unusual in the car
the trunk seemed to have a strange sound
that scared her
so julie stopped the car opened the
trunk there were many crabs and a corpse
inside
this corpse was the object they
suspected before this meant that the
culprit was another
julie got scared closed the trunk and
hurried over to her best friend's house
but when berry opened it the trunk was
empty again with no trace of the corpse
julie was devastated but responding to
her was just silence and strange things
coming
after she calmed down they went to their
best friend's house
discussing how to find the culprit julie
remembered that her best friend had to
join in a beauty contest today
according to the perpetrator's
personality he would go there
at that time bury an ambush in the dark
could catch him
so best friend and barry acted according
to julie's plan at night
the contest took place jubilantly best
friend was invited on the podium
that she was very distracted her eyes
did not dare to leave berry standing on
the second floor
suddenly she saw the mysterious person
behind barry locking barry's neck
best friend wanted to go to the second
floor to save barry but everyone thought
he was crazy and hold her
finally a policeman believed her
investigated the second floor with her
but the floor was empty the police could
not find any trace
but in the corner they did not notice
there was a drop of blood dripping
silently
many people were being killed
continuously she thought it had
something involved the person they
killed
so julie brought her graduation photo to
the house of the dead man's sister
and asked who she was to help the
assassin but her sister came out holding
a knife
she looked unfriendly julie was kicked
out of the house by the dead man's
sister
julie was helpless found her ex to find
a solution
she went to his workplace was about to
tell ray the truth
when suddenly she found out on the
fishing boat two words billy blue
julie was suddenly aware that rey was
the culprit
julie ran away ray chased to explain
when a man fight him
this stranger looked very reliable he
told julie to get on his boat to hide
but he silently removed the ropes of the
boat she felt something strange
and discovered the room was full of
secret photos of her and her friends
it turned out that this man was the real
culprit and she had become his prey
the man entered julie recognized him
julie remembered that they stabbed him
and dumped his corpse in the ocean now
he was back for revenge
julie ran up to the cabin when she found
out that the trip had left the dock
she was trapped on the trip in the phone
box she discovered the pistol
she was about to reassemble but he shook
the boat to drop the gun
julie was extremely scared so she went
down to the basement
ray drove the lifeboat to save julie but
was knocked down by the man
julie found a way out in the basement
she finally found the frozen cellar
took off her shirt and opened the gate
to block the hatchway
she pushed a lot of ice out but suddenly
she saw a corpse
next to julie there was another corpse
this place was a corpse hidden frozen
cellar julie exclaimed in fear but the
man stepped onto the deck
and opened the frozen cellar door when
he smiled wickedly
ray climbed into the boat and threw a
heavy iron at him and saved julie
but the man regained consciousness
knocked ray down used a hook to strangle
julie
and forced her to be charged with a car
accident one year ago
julie shouted desperately she felt she
must be died
but unexpectedly the man's hand was
suddenly wrapped in a rope
pulling him up in mid-air thus the man's
hand was cut
off and he fell into the ocean julie was
saved by rey
they felt very scared after experiencing
samsara
they fell in love again by the summer of
next year they thought everything was
fine but they discovered a few large
words on the bathroom door the killing
was not over yet
the revenge would reincarnate one more
time